#Copyright (C) 2014  Intel Corporation
#
#This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
#modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
#License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
#version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
#This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
#Lesser General Public License for more details.
#
#You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
#License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
#Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA

=head1 NAME

Intel::IviPoc::DbcGrammar - Vector CANdb++ (*.dbc) file format parser

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Intel::IviPoc::DbcGrammar;

	my $result;
	$result = $parser->DbcOutput($text);
	my %jsonroot = %{$result};

=head1 REQUIRES

Perl 5.006, Parse::RecDescent, Intel::IviPoc::AmbCommon

=head1 EXPORTS

new

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Parse::RecDescent - Generate Recursive-Descent Parsers is Perl library for recursive top-down parsing(LL).

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item DbcOutput $text

Parses the provided string $text
Returns the hash representing the entire $text.

=item new

Returns an instance of DbcParser.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

IntelIVIPoc, C<< <ivipoc at intel.com> >>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<strict|http://search.cpan.org/~jtbraun/Parse-RecDescent-1.967009/lib/Parse/RecDescent.pm>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

INTEL CONFIDENTIAL
Copyright 2011 - 2013 Intel Corporation All Rights Reserved.

The source code contained or described herein and all documents related to the
source code("Material") are owned by Intel Corporation or its suppliers or
licensors.Title to the Material remains with Intel Corporation or its
suppliers and licensors.The Material may contain trade secrets and proprietary
and confidential information of Intel Corporation and its suppliers and
licensors, and is protected by worldwide copyright and trade secret laws and
treaty provisions.No part of the Material may be used, copied, reproduced,
modified, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, or disclosed
in any way without Intels prior express written permission.
No license under any patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual
property right is granted to or conferred upon you by disclosure or delivery
of the Materials, either expressly, by implication, inducement, estoppel or
otherwise.Any license under such intellectual property rights must be
express and approved by Intel in writing.

Unless otherwise agreed by Intel in writing, you may not remove or alter this
notice or any other notice embedded in Materials by Intel or Intels suppliers
or licensors in any way.

=cut
